README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Order summary card solution

This is a solution to the [Order summary card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/order-summary-component-QlPmajDUj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview
### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See hover states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

Mobile

![mobile-version](./ss/mobile-comp.jpg)

Desktop

![desktop-version](./ss/desktop-com.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

- markup html first
- add basic reset CSS style.
- add mobile styles for each section
- add hover states
- add media queries for desktop version
- add both backgrounds version
- add font
### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first
### What I learned

- To use Custom property
- To use external fonts
- To add a background svg pattern
- Media queries
- Align items with flexbox.

### Continued development

- better markup
- to use SASS/SCSS
- better design fixed
- better time from start to end.
### Useful resources

- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com) - This helped me for CSS custom property, flexbox and media queries.

- [Stackoverflow](stackoverflow.com) - This is an amazing post for fix CSS problems.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@jmpevzla](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/jmpevzla)
- Twitter - [@jmpevzla](https://twitter.com/jmpevzla)

Commit message:

fix readme.md: in continued development, change better to improve change text in stackoverflow

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Order summary card solution

This is a solution to the [Order summary card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/order-summary-component-QlPmajDUj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview
### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See hover states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

Mobile

![mobile-version](./ss/mobile-comp.jpg)

Desktop

![desktop-version](./ss/desktop-com.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [live site URL](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

- markup html first
- add basic reset CSS style.
- add mobile styles for each section
- add hover states
- add media queries for desktop version
- add both backgrounds version
- add font

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first

### What I learned

- To use custom property
- To use external fonts
- To add a background svg pattern
- Media queries
- Align items with flexbox.

### Continued development

- Improve markup
- To use SASS/SCSS
- Improve fit to design
- Improve time from start to end.

### Useful resources

- [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com) - This helped me for CSS custom property, flexbox and media queries.

- [Stackoverflow](stackoverflow.com) - This site have amazing posts for fix CSS problems.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@jmpevzla](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/jmpevzla)
- Twitter - [@jmpevzla](https://twitter.com/jmpevzla)
